NMS-12373: Provisiond Docs Update (#3521)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/introduction.adoc

It also includes an adapter API for interfacing with other management systems such as configuration management.

[[provisioning-works]]
== How it works

Provisiond receives requests to add managed entities (nodes, IP interfaces, SNMP interfaces, services) via three basic mechanisms:

* link:#auto-discovery.adoc[automatic discovery] (typically via the Discovery daemon)
* link:#directed-discovery.adoc[directed discovery] using an import requisition (typically via the Provisioning UI)
* link:development:rest/rest-api.adoc#rest-api[asset import] through the RestAPI or the https://docs.opennms.com/pris/1.2.0/index.html[provisioning integration server] (PRIS)

{page-component-title} enables you to control Provisiond behavior by creating provisioning policies that include scanning frequency, IP ranges, and which services to detect.

Regardless of the method, provisioning is an iterative process: you will need to fine-tune your results to exclude or add things to what you monitor.

[[discovery-auto]]
== Automatic discovery

{page-component-title} uses an ICMP ping sweep to find IP addresses on the network and provision node entities.

> Using link:#ga-provisioning-auto-discovery-detectors[auto discovery with detectors] lets you specify services that you need to detect in addition to the ICMP IP address ping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use link:#ga-provisioning-auto-discovery-detectors[auto discovery with detectors] to specify services that you need to detect in addition to the ICMP IP address ping.
```

== Automatic discovery

{page-component-title} uses an ICMP ping sweep to find IP addresses on the network and provision node entities.

> Use link:#ga-provisioning-auto-discovery-detectors[auto discovery with detectors] to specify services that you need to detect in addition to the ICMP IP address ping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use link:#ga-provisioning-auto-discovery-detectors[auto discovery with detectors] in addition to the ICMP IP address ping to specify services that you need to detect.
```
